updates to dual stack blog to make following easier (#13277)
istio/istio.io: content/en/blog/2023/experimental-dual-stack/index.md

## A Quick Experiment using Dual Stack

> **note:** If you want to use KinD for your test you can setup a dual stack cluster with the following:
> 
>     {{< text bash >}}
>     $ kind create cluster --name istio-ds --config - <<EOF
>     kind: Cluster
>     apiVersion: kind.x-k8s.io/v1alpha4
>     networking:
>     ipFamily: dual
>     EOF
>     {{< /text >}}
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< tip >}}
If you want to use KinD for your test, you can setup a dual stack cluster with the following command:

{{< text bash >}}
$ kind create cluster --name istio-ds --config - <<EOF
kind: Cluster
apiVersion: kind.x-k8s.io/v1alpha4
networking:
  ipFamily: dual
EOF
{{< /text >}}

{{< /tip >}}
```

Author: Thanks!

## A Quick Experiment using Dual Stack

{{< tip >}}

> If you want to use KinD for your test, you can setup a dual stack cluster with the following command:

Reviewer: One small nit, sorry I missed it the first time. Otherwise LGTM.
```suggestion
If you want to use KinD for your test, you can set up a dual stack cluster with the following command:
```
